CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# PromoPing Code of Conduct
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in the PromoPing project a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

**Behaviour that Contributes to a Positive Environment**: Using welcoming and inclusive language, being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences, gracefully accepting constructive criticism, focusing on what is best for the community, showing empathy towards other community members.

**Unacceptable Behaviour**: The use of sexualised language or imagery, insulting or derogatory comments, personal or political attacks, public or private harassment, publishing others' private information without permission, other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

## Our Responsibilities
Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behaviour. Maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviours that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.
[Maintainer: juliareboucasleite](https://github.com/juliareboucasleite)

## Scope
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representation include using an official project email address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be reported by contacting the project team at [**corporation.promoping@gmail.com**](mailto:corporation.promoping@gmail.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.

## Attribution
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.1, available at [https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html)

Commit message:

Update documentation for PromoPing Bot Suporter
Revised CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, CONTRIBUTING.md, README.md, and SECURITY.md to reflect the administrative Discord bot (PromoPing Bot Suporter) and its Java/JDA-based architecture. Updated setup, contribution, and security instructions to match the bot's technology stack and clarified project scope and support channels.

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# PromoPing Bot Suporter - Code of Conduct

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in the PromoPing Bot Suporter project a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

> **Note:** This is the administrative Discord bot of the PromoPing ecosystem, developed in Java using JDA (Java Discord API).

**Behaviour that Contributes to a Positive Environment**: Using welcoming and inclusive language, being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences, gracefully accepting constructive criticism, focusing on what is best for the community, showing empathy towards other community members.

**Unacceptable Behaviour**: The use of sexualised language or imagery, insulting or derogatory comments, personal or political attacks, public or private harassment, publishing others' private information without permission, other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behaviour. Maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviours that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

[Maintainer: juliareboucasleite](https://github.com/juliareboucasleite)

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representation include using an official project email address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

This code also applies to behavior within the official PromoPing Discord server and in all interactions related to the administrative bot.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be reported by contacting the project team at [**corporation.promoping@gmail.com**](mailto:corporation.promoping@gmail.com). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.1, available at [https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html)
